    https://codepen.io/ryan4242/pen/JjdpmWZ
    
    1. What is Semantic HTML?
      HTML markup that uses a set of rules widely used by developers creating a clean universal language on the web. 
    
    2. What is HTML used for? 
      It is the "stuff" of the internet. Text, images, links, ect.
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
      Attributes are added inside the opening tag of an element. They are used to modify the tag in some way.
    
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
      H1 through h6 are headers. An h1 tag, the biggest header, should be used only once on a page.
    
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
      input and textarea

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
      The head contains everything happening on the page we dont see. Its where the title goes(what you see on the tab of your browser), where we link the HTML to a stylesheet, a JS page, or a font.

    7. What is an id? 
      An id is something you can add to an HTML tag and you can then target that element in your CSS by calling its id. 

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
      Any element can have an id. 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
      once

    10. What is a class? 
      A class is much like an id but the same class can be used on multiple elements on one page.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
      Any element can have a class.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
      There is no limit.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
      Add the attribute, target="_blank" to the anchor tag.

    14. What is the alt attribute used for? 
      It renders an alternate text when the element cant be rendered or when a screen reader is being used.

    15. How do I reference an id?
      In your CSS file you will write, #id-name {styles go here}

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
      Section is a more semantic way to seperate sections of your page. Div is mostly used to just wrap elements.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
      CSS styles our HTML. Size, color, layout, simple animations, ect. 

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
      Name the element in your CSS page. For the example you would type, h2 {styles go here}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
      a class name can be reused where an id can only be used once. A hader would be a good time to use an id because you should only have one header on your page. Sections are good times to use class if you want all those sections to share a common style.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
      With a '.' ex: .class-name {styles go here}

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
      p.human {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
      This is a selector used to style all or just certain children of an element. This is perticulary useful if you only want one or every other child to have a certain style.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
      .sidebar a {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
      Selectors that style elements only when certain conditions are true. The simplest being, :hover, that styles an element only when your cursor hovers over it.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
      line-height: 

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
      letter-spacing:

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
      text-transform: uppercase, text-transform: lowercase, and text-transform: capitalize.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
      div {
          border: 1px dotted #000
      }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
      * {

      }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
      /* This is my comment */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
      I think this is asking what directory you are in? In which case it should be written right above where you can write in commands.

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
      ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
      del filename. using del in cmd can delete ANY file if you arent careful you could harm your computer.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
      It makes projects easier to collaborate on, bad code harder to accidentally be pushed to the live site, and organizes versions of your site such as live or underdevelopment

    35. How often should I commit to github?
      OFTEN. 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
      git add . then git commit then git push

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
      Your going to start by cloning then making a branch for you to edit and work on locally. Commit your changes often. When ready you push your changes to your branch on github, create a pull request, if every thing is good, your branch is merged into master. You may be asked to make some changes before your branch is merged in. 


STRETCH:

1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
  An inline element doesnt take up the whole line so elements can sit next to it. Width doesnt effect inline elements. Block elements take up their own line, width is respected.

2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
  The elements position will be relative to its parent element. It can be positioned anywhere using top, bottom, left and right.

3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?
  inline-block

4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default.
  block:
    h1-h6
    p
    div

  inline:
    span 
    code

  inline-block:
    button

5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
  The box model surrounds every element(although some dont accept padding) from the outside in it goes margin(space around the box), border(border of the box), padding(space inside the box, around content), then you have your actual content.
  You can do the css reset, box-sizing: border-box;